Add inventory plugin (#65)
ansible-collections/community.sops: README.md

# Community Sops Collection

> 

Reviewer: Please do not modify unrelated parts of the README.

Author: Sorry, that was my auto formatter

                  key4: value5
```

### inventory plugin

In case you want to store secret keys like ansible_host, ansible_user, and others in your inventory you can use the inventory plugin.
To use it add the following to your `ansible.cfg`.

```ini
[inventory]
enable_plugins = community.sops.sops
```

> create and inventory file with the extension `.sops.yaml` e.g.: `production.sops.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encrypt an inventory file with sops with the extension `.sops.yaml`, for example encrypt `production.yaml` to `production.sops.yaml`.
```
